Migrate GPU feature discovery docs (#566)
NVIDIA/k8s-device-plugin: README.md

- Run GPU enabled containers in your Kubernetes cluster.

This repository contains NVIDIA's official implementation of the [Kubernetes device plugin](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/extend-kubernetes/compute-storage-net/device-plugins/).

> As of V0.15.0 this repository also holds the implementation of the GPU Feature Discovery,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As of v0.15.0 this repository also holds the implementation for GPU Feature Discovery labels,
```

> For documentation on the GPU Feature Discovery, please see [here](docs/gpu-feature-discovery/docs.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
for further information on GPU Feature Discovery see the [relevant documentation](docs/gpu-feature-discovery/docs.md).
```

cluster, you can enable GPU support by deploying the following Daemonset:

```shell

> $ kubectl create -f https://raw.githubusercontent.com/NVIDIA/k8s-device-plugin/v0.15.0/nvidia-device-plugin.yml

Reviewer: This should not bump the version.
